WE THANK EXPORT IMPORT
BANK OF INDIA.
SOMEWHERE IN THE DESERT OF NAMIBIA.
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Sailor.
Rich man, poor man, thief!
I am the thief! I am the thief!
I've lost. Ah... well... Can I have
the gun please, Patricia?
- Yes, your Majesty.
- Thanks.
Wow!
Wow. Caught you!
You're a silly, stupid thief!
You got caught!
Can I be the thief now, granma?
Sure love, but only
after you cut your cake.
- Cake! Cake! Cake!
- Run along, run along.
Draw the curtains please.
With all due respect your majesty,
we are in the middle of the desert.
No one can see it from the outside.
If I can see the skies in it,
then it can be seen from the skies.
Happy birthday to you!
Happy birthday, dear Harry!
So, so... The crown!
You've ever held it?
No one can touch it.
- You can't get me.
- I am going to get you.
I am going to get you.
Granma's going to get you.
Oh, those little devils!
Have they come here?
But, Your Majesty.
You were just here.
A!
Dhoom.
YASH CHOPRA
PRESENTS.
Dhoom 2.
Dhoom.
Dhoom again and run away with me...
...on a rollercoaster ride.
Dhoom again and see
your wildest dreams...
...slowly come alive.
Dhoom again we got
to break the rules...
...and party all the time.
Dhoom again
we got to steal the show.
You know that's not a crime.
So steal all that you can...
...the magic you began.
Let's shout, break out.
Come on once again, let's hear it.
Create a storm.
Once more! Come on you people!
Let it go. Let it go.
Dhoom again and feel
the beat of the rhythm.
Rhythm of the night.
Dhoom again and hear
the voices calling.
Creatures of the night.
Dhoom again and see
the shadows dancing...
...in the clear moonlight.
Dhoom again and feel
your heart beat pumping.
Now the time is right.
So come, walk out the door.
Get down, get on the floor.
Let's shout, break out.
Come on, once again, let's hear it!
Create a storm.
Dhoom once again.
Come on. Once again!
Create a storm.
Yes, boss. All ok there?
Ali?
- Same.
- Where's the stuff?
Payments.
I've heard you work with the cops.
Ali and the cops
just don't get along.
I hope you understand.
Original!
Original.
Ok, brother. I'm off now.
Ali!
You dropped something.
MAHARASHTRA STATE POLICE.
ALI AKBHAR. SUB INSPECTOR.
This is not mine. My friend...
...he works with the cops.
His name is Ali.
This powder is fake.
You said powder buddy.
So it's powder.
There's a transmitter too.
- That's not mine either. See you guys.
- Ali.
Sorry. I'm sorry, really sorry.
Please forgive me.
I'm just like you guys.
A dealer. I swear.
I've been trapped in this
by Jai Dixit. He's crazy.
He conned me to come here as a cop.
I told him I didn't want to cheat
on you guys.
Hey! We are just like brothers,
aren't we? Okay, I'll leave.
One minute. I'll join you guys
from today. How's that?
And together we'll rock man!
Every part in my body is illegal.
Don't mistake me for a cop.
Don't handcuff me.
I'm a thief, not a cop.
Brother, we are like brothers.
Brother. No!
Look brother, I have one
last wish before I die.
Promise me,
after killing me you'll...
...shoot that lowly
Jai Dixit in the head!
Ever since I saw his face,
my life is ruined!
- Finish him!
- Sit down.
Just a minute. I can't see myself die.
Let me shut my eyes.
I'm going. Bye everybody.
Mummy!
Someone save me please!
Now you're going to say,
I saved you. Right.
I could have died, man.
You can't do one thing properly.
Every time I have to forget
the goons and save you.
Hey! Hey relax!
I had already taken care of them.
Sorry, I was just kidding.
I am nothing without you.
Like a cylinder without gas.
A monkey without a tail.
Where are you, Jai?
- Sweetie!
- Sweetie is dead!
Sweetie I'm at work.
Can we talk later?
Later? Later you'll
see my dead body. Got it?
You understand nothing.
How do I explain to you?
Remember Jai, you have
put me in this condition.
It's all because of you.
I am here alone at home and
you are least bothered about it.
What are you talking about?
What have I done?
You have put me in this condition.
Sweetie, if I keep
talking to you like this...
- Pomfret... pomfret.
- What?
Get it from anywhere.
I don't know anything.
I want fish right now.
Hello, yes. Thank you.
Very okay. Hold.
Brother. Miss Alka Mathur
from Standard Bank.
She wants to give us credit cards.
Should I ask for both of us?
Hello. What are you
doing this evening?
Why don't we meet up.
Give me your phone number.
Wow! What a cool jet ski!
Can I ride it?
No you won't!
Then how am I going?
Brother, save me!
The water is very cold!
Brother Jai! I can't swim!
If you take so much time to cook...
...I wonder how long
you'll take to change diapers.
Sweetie, that's no way to talk.
And what will you do
if I talk this way?
Affair!
I don't say so. My aunt says
90 per cent married men...
...have affairs when
their wives are pregnant.
Aunt Usha knows everything.
She delivers babies
in the entire Nagpada.
Now, tell me Jai,
would you have an affair?
You think I could do that?
Who are you going to get
to have an affair with you?
Poor Sweetie.
- She's stuck with you...
- What do you mean?
I mean that a girl's got to be
nuts to have an affair with you.
He's right Jai.
I'm the only one for you!
I'm not scared of
any Seeta or Geeta.
No girl's going to agree
to go out with you.
Mr. Grumpy, you don't
know how to treat women.
And they generally
prefer poets, like me.
Right?
Poet! You?
Yes, I'm a poet! Love has
no age, it has always been.
Love has no age,
it has always been.
Fifteen, sixteen,
seventeen, eighteen.
Don't push it guys. I am decent,
so I don't fool around.
But I might just go ahead
if I wished, okay?
Alright. Go ahead, have an affair.
But...
Where will you find that girl?
Don't you want to know me?
Love me like a baby.
Don't you want to show me?
Come on. Come. Baby.
Love to love you, baby.
That's my love.
Don't you want to know me?
Love me like a baby.
Don't you want to show me?
Come on, come on, baby.
ACP Shonali Bose reporting, sir!
Welcome to Mumbai!
Wait here, I'll send the officer
in charge of this case.
- He is our best man.
- Sir.
- Hello, how do you do?
- Who are you?
Some style!
You're the one with the handcuffs
on and you're asking me?
Now tell me what are you in for?
Take it easy. I'm a cool headed guy.
Everybody makes mistakes.
But if you cooperate with me then,
everything will be fine.
Cops and criminals
should be like couples...
...you know, like a husband and wife.
Once that happens, the world
will be a better place and...
...all crime will vanish.
Just like that!
Shut up! I'm not a criminal!
Look, you better speak up darling,
because when Ali 'entrygates...'
Interrogates.
Yes, that's the word.
When I do what you just said...
...the toughest of criminals
confess everything.
Get that! Now speak up.
You got it?
You're a cop?
Well, I know I look like an actor.
But actually I am a cop.
Ali Akbhar. Sub-inspector.
Just remove my handcuff.
It got stuck by mistake.
Don't try to fool me darling!
Handcuffs are not something
that you put on by mistake.
Tell me the truth.
Because of you. Well,
they were in my hand.
I was moving it aside when
you opened the door suddenly.
And this thing...
It doesn't happen like that,
darling.
You were moving it aside, right?
And...
Oh, I was just 'entrygate'.
She has committed some
crime but not admitting it.
- Her name is...
- Shonali Bose.
Jai Dixit? I don't believe this!
- Shonali Bose. Roll number 23.
- Jai Dixit, Mr. Long Legs.
The boy who never dared to go in...
...the swimming pool
because of his long legs.
I didn't want to give
you any competition...
...because everybody
would come to see you.
- You are a show off.
- Show off and me?
And the girls' hostel?
Pooja Mehta's room.
Weren't you caught sneaking
in there?
Yes, right. I remember. You still
owe me 25 rupees for the bet.
Don't you want to know me?
Love me like a baby.
Don't you want to show me?
- So good to see you.
- 7 years, 7 months...
Wow! You know the
exact number of days?
Yes, I do.
Once a girl dances with you...
...she can never ever
forget you, that's for sure.
Jai and dance! No way?
I mean, Jai... you?
Anyway. What are you doing here?
A! The smartest and
coolest thief in the world.
Smart because he dares
to do the impossible and...
...cool because he leaves no
clue behind. Only his symbol, A.
We don't have anything
else apart from this.
- No description? No sketch?
- Nothing, sir.
From Rio De Janeiro to Jaipur,
all the heists he...
...has pulled off were in disguise.
He stole the Queen's antique
crown disguised as the Queen.
He is the master of disguises.
And no one knows how
he vanished from the train.
Excuse, Ali to say. Since the
robbery took place on a train...
...shouldn't the case
be under the Railways...
For the last 2 years, I have
been following Mr. A's case.
He always robs things that
are rare, almost priceless.
A diamond from London,
painting from Paris...
...necklace from the crown
of the prince of Istanbul.
But he's got to be selling all this
priceless stuff somewhere. Right?
Unfortunately, we don't know
what he does with the stolen goods.
Every year he works just about
3-4 months and then disappears.
Is there anything else,
like a pattern or something?
What is significant
is the way he robs.
And he's committed the
thefts so randomly...
...that it's impossible
to find a pattern.
There is a pattern, Shonali.
What is interesting is
the signature.
That's what he leaves behind
at each crime scene.
But what he's really after...
...is to leave his mark
all over the world.
CAIRO. ANKARA. BISHKEK.
HANDI. NAMIBIA.
And that's not all.
14th July 2006.
The date of the next robbery.
How do you say that?
Besides antiques,
Mr. A is fascinated by numbers too.
Seoul: 5/4/2004.
If you add up all the numbers...
...5+4+2+4=15, you get the date
for the next robbery, 15/7/2004.
Once again, the total adds
up to 28. And the next...
...robbery at Australia
on 28/9/2005. Total 44.
When the total exceeds 30 he
adds the total, 4+4. - 44!
8. The next robbery: 8/1/2006...
...the date of every robbery lies
in the date of the previous robbery.
Mr. A is making every
effort to challenge us.
But the problem is that nobody
understood his challenge.
But you got it. Fantastic!
And the train robbery
took place on the...
...1/5/2006, Total: 14.
The next robbery is going
to take place on 14th July...
CAIRO. ANKARA. BISHKEK.
HANDI. NAMIBIA. MOSCOW.
- ...Mumbai.
- How's that?
Because he wants to make the
symbol 'A' on the world map...
To complete the 'A'...
the line must cross Mumbai...
CAIRO. ANKARA. BISHKEK. SEOUL.
HANDI. NAMIBIA. MOSCOW. MUMBAI.
We better get cracking
before he gets here.
If I am not wrong,
he's already here!
And if my guess is right,
he's one step ahead of us.
Mr. A always robs in disguise...
...and yet he wants the whole world
to know who he is.
The signature says it all.
He thinks he's an artist,
not a thief. An unknown artist!
Such an artist, though he is
amongst us, is hidden!
You can't look for him.
You can only catch him.
But nabbing such a smart
thief is going to be tough.
Perfect!
He's the perfect thief!
Create excitement!
It'll be great meeting you, Mr. A!
Everybody say...
I think we will have fun.
We want the fury.
In college, I never thought a girl
like you would join the police force.
- Your peppers.
- Thanks.
Why did you feel that way?
Dressing.
No, no.
You were such a sissy. I mean...
...you wouldn't talk to anyone,
and stuck up.
I would talk to you though...
That's because you were
secretly in love with me.
I'm still in love with you.
Whatever you do,
don't think of divorce.
Divorce is bad for family life.
Not divorce,
I'm thinking of murder.
- If you don't mind.
- No. - I'll just be back.
Your fish.
Sweetie, your husband is too sexy.
And he is such a great cook.
How did you manage
to trap him? Tell me.
You've got to see this.
Sho! You were like
an ugly duckling in college.
What rubbish! I was the
hottest girl in college!
I was the most wanted.
Give me a break!
Did you see yourself?
Look, who is this?
Who's looking dumb here?
Anybody would look stupid
in a sarong.
- You wore a sarong?
- Must have been a bet. Right?
Bingo! Bet for 10 bucks.
Whose sarong was it?
Hers. Naturally!
Sho! Remember that.
Parrot green dress.
- You still have that?
- What?
There's a college reunion
party tomorrow. Class of '96.
And everyone's going to wear what...
...we used to wear in college.
So, I thought...
Reunion!
Yes. And now you're in town.
We will go together, it will be fun.
But I have nothing to wear.
Why don't you borrow
one of Sweetie's clothes?
No problem, come,
I will show you. Come.
2 murders instead of 1, the
punishment remains the same, right?
No Sweetie...
I vowed to mummy that I'll keep...
...away from trouble and women.
But for you and your family,
Montu...
...Ali part two, I'll
break that promise.
What are you talking about, Ali?
I have a plan. I'm going to
make her fall in love with me...
...and then she'll forget Jai.
Ali will charm her...
And your family will be fine.
- But how are you going to do that?
- Like this.
O Baby!
My love!
The fire in your eyes burns me
through and through.
So don't look at me like that.
My senses come crashing through.
The fire in your eyes burns me
through and through.
So don't look at me like that.
My senses come crashing through.
If my heart loses it's self control...
...there'll be no end
to the rock and roll.
Touch me. Don't touch me, my love.
Don't stand so close to me.
I feel a lot of fear.
With every word you say,
I can sense that love is near.
Don't stand so close to me.
I feel a lot of fear.
With every word you say,
I can sense that love is near.
If my heart loses it's self control...
...there'll be no end
to the rock and roll.
Touch me. Don't touch me, my love.
O Baby!
I'm drawn to you.
I just can't help it.
Between our swaying bodies,
let there be some distance.
This crazy heart of mine
now only wants romance.
If my heart loses
it's self control...
...there'll be no end
to the rock and roll.
Touch me. Don't touch me, my love.
My love!
My charm!
We must both resist
the temptation we can dare.
Let's hold back a little,
love is in the air.
Deep in my heart
there's a kind of burning.
Can't say no to love,
my mind keeps on turning.
If my heart loses
it's self control...
...there'll be no end
to the rock and roll.
Touch me. Don't touch me, my love.
The fire in your eyes burns me
through and through.
So don't look at me like that.
My senses come crashing through.
Don't stand so close to me.
I feel a lot of fear.
With every word you say,
I can sense that love is near.
If my heart loses
it's self control...
...there'll be no end
to the rock and roll.
Touch me. Don't touch me, my love.
Dhoom.
JEWELS OF THE TAJ.
AN EXHIBITION.
Dhoom.
- All cameras working, Samar?
- Yes, ma'am! - Good.
Go there.
Two snipers on that roof.
All escape routes blocked.
And what if he doesn't show up?
Jai, you said that in Mumbai,
there are only...
...two places he can strike and
we have both the places covered.
Hello.
- Fried Bombay duck or spicy clams?
- What?
You must have had tea
at the Taj Mahal hotel...
...but you wouldn't
have tried the fried...
...Bombay duck at Basheer's
restaurant. Hmm, best!
After lunch we will have some dessert.
You can go for ice-cream
if you want.
Basheer is my friend so
he won't charge extra...
...but remember one thing, Sho.
Please don't let Mr. Grumpy
know our plan, alright?
Come quick, I'm waiting
for you. I'm starving.
You need to get kicked, right?
Hey mummy! At least you
should give me a warning.
You're on duty, not on a picnic.
The thief is not going to ask you.
Brother Ali, are you done
with your lunch? Can I rob now?
And anyways the robbery is
not going...
...to happen here or you
wouldn't have sent me here.
I know you don't think
very highly of me.
Shut up and stay alert! Ok?
Can I grab some snacks
from the corner?
Quick!
What's the matter Jai?
I don't know, Sho,
but... something is wrong.
I can just feel it!
Come on, Mr. A. Where are you?
MUMBAI ART MUSEUM.
Come in, unit one.
Everything ok on your side?
All right. Report to me.
Dhoom.
Look, there is no need for
explanation. Follow my orders.
Do as I have told you.
No! No! No! Follow the briefing
I gave you.
Ok? And Unit number 2.
Please come in.
Listen. I want you to check
all the exit points. Ok. Yes.
And see to it that every
guard is in his place.
All right? Over.
Dhoom.
Dhoom again the way with me.
It's beautiful, isn't it?
Right.
But I've heard the owner
was even more beautiful.
Oh absolutely!
And she had a temper too.
They say that one day
she was so upset with...
...Shahjahan that she threw it away...
... and she chucked it so hard,
the central piece went missing.
Sho, he's not going to come here.
He robs things that are perfect
and this necklace is damaged.
- He's not coming, let's go!
- You go Jai.
What if you're wrong? Someone
should be here to welcome him.
Ali, the robbery's going to happen
at the museum. Get there! Quick!
Oh my God! I'm on my way!
Ali, where have you reached?
- Close the gate!
- Yes, sir.
Secure all the exit points and
report to me every 5 minutes.
Okay.
Dhoom.
- Sorry uncle.
- Who are you saying sorry to?
I banged into an old man, a cleaner.
You drive me nuts, man!
- Stop him!
- What?
Stop him now!
But he's just a cleaner.
I cancelled the shift
for the cleaning staff!
He shouldn't be there!
Stop! Police!
Shoot him, knee cap!
Come on, fast!
I said stop him!
Stop, uncle!
He has stopped.
Check his I.D. and hold him.
I'm just getting there.
I would have shot you.
Why didn't you stop?
What?
Put on a hearing aid.
You could have lost your life.
Yes. I have a slight
hearing problem, son.
You should stop when a cop says so.
Now, what are you doing here?
Your shift was cancelled.
At this age,
I forget my name sometimes.
How do you expect me
to remember shifts?
Come on, show me your I-Card.
What?
I-card, dear, I-card.
MUMBAI ART MUSEUM. CLEANER.
What's your name?
It's written behind.
A!
- Where did he go?
Oh my God! He has fooled us!
Do you know how to swim?
Create excitement.
Open the gate!
Hey, look at him.
Oh God. Where did he go?
Once again.
Once again, Dhoom.
MAGNETIC FIELD ACTIVATED.
Ali. Come in.
He is among the crowd.
North Block.
Ok, brother Jai.
Dhoom.
Let's greet it.
Shall we seek it?
Keep up the spirit.
Let it go. Let it go.
Let's greet it.
Shall we seek it?
I'm leaving town. I am resigning.
Great! The thief and you,
both are leaving town.
Very similar, you guys. Interesting.
Jai, I was there instead of you,
chasing him.
What if?
Mauser 9mm:
Bullet speed: Three thousand
feet per second.
A man can never run away from it.
Shonali, my job is to catch thieves,
not to kill them.
One thief dead, is one thief less.
Power lies here, not in there.
We are wasting our time
standing and talking here.
Mr. A must be leaving the city.
Dhoom.
Excuse me, ma'am. This is my ticket.
I'm on the waiting list...
Sorry, but the flight is full.
Ma'am, tomorrow is my tennis match.
Listen, I have to go today.
Excuse me, I said,
the flight's full.
If there is any cancellation,
I will let you know.
Now please, go and sit there.
You're wasting your time.
Father, if God existed,
I would have been on this flight.
For the last three years,
I've been winning the championship.
God knows that.
And now someone else
will take my place.
'After robbing a rare diamond
worth three millions...
...what is the thief planning next?'
'May the not say,
but we are telling you.'
TV!
Just a few minutes ago,
Mr. A called our news desk...
...and informed us of his next
robbery at the Junagarh Palace...
...and that he will rob
the 600 year...
...old antique sword
in the next 24 hours.
Before the phone could be
traced he disconnected it.
I must say, Mr. A's got style.
I suggest we strike a deal
with him and settle things off...
...because we won't be able to
catch him for sure. Ali to say!
Will the police nab him
after this information?
There's only one champion,
remember.
No one can take his place.
Not even God!
Create excitement.
Let's greet it.
Shall we seek it?
Keep up the spirit.
Create excitement.
I want cover on all the four corners.
Yes, sir.
Sometimes it goes off
by itself, you know?
Means you'll just kill me?
If you really want to sleep,
why not forever?
Joke!
You can't do anything
about the thief.
If he slips off from our hands
in day time, catching him...
...at night is next to impossible.
And anyways Sho...
...I doubt if he's going to
show up here.
He must be robbing
someplace else for sure.
If he comes here, he's never
going to leave. That I promise.
If he's Mr. A, he will
come here for sure.
But how?
WINCH 6000.
Dhoom.
One's an original, the other isn't.
But it's difficult
to see that, isn't it?
Well it was tough to get here...
...but from here on,
it only gets tougher.
No!
Don't even think about it!
Yes, infra-red beams.
If anything crosses
those beams, an alarm...
...comes on and the guards
will be here in 30 seconds.
See the pillars?
Electromagnetic stunners.
I love this so much!
They're quite deadly...
...as soon as you lift the sword...
a strong current...
...of 2000 volts will shoot out...
...you'll land up either
in jail or in hospital.
May I?
Confused?
How will it be stolen?
Shall I tell?
The fake one for you...
...and this one, for me.
Go for the sword, when I say so.
A!
You shouldn't have done that.
Now I'm going to have to come
after you.
Stop!
Jai. I got him.
Create excitement.
What's this, mummy! One
thief was tough to handle and...
...you sent another one!
Now we've had it!
Sorry!
'Sexy lady on the floor.'
'Keeps you coming back for more.'
I am so hot!
Don't you feel hot in all this?
Are you like...
'Sexy lady on the floor.'
'Keeps you coming back for more.'
Are you like... checking me out?
Behind your mask, I hope not.
Because if you are,
then you've had it.
And you'll have a lot to regret.
You won't be able to walk...
And your job needs
some running around.
Is there a reason for using
my name for the robbery?
You! You are the reason.
You're the best!
I mean, besides me no
one else would admit it...
...but Sunehri. No, not at all.
Sunehri's a fan of yours.
Like forever.
But you know who the next best is?
- Sunehri.
Ok, Su - neh - ri. The Golden Girl!
Who lives in Bombay...
...but thinks of Amsterdam,
Australia. America even.
Let's hear what Sunehri thinks.
Do you play cricket? I mean...
Who are the best opening
batsmen in the world?
Not Saeed Anwar, Aamir Sohail,
not Hayden or Gilchrist.
- Tendulkar, Sehwag.
- Funny guy!
Not just diamonds. Like...
you read thoughts as well.
Cool! Anyways.
I have a motto.
Less talk, more work. So tell me,
when do we start?
Start?
You and me, Tendulkar, Sehwag.
Partners.
Together we can be quite a team.
Thank you. But I'm better off alone.
Everybody needs a partner
in this world.
Some day even you'll need one.
And this is a golden chance.
Golden! Sunehra means golden.
Get it?
You've seen my work.
I'm really good.
Come on...
...take me.
I am a worthy thing, trust me.
I don't trust anyone.
In principle...
...you robbed using my name.
So, the loot's mine too.
Funny guy!
You can keep the sword.
It's a gift from me to you.
But then, think about it.
Today a sword, tomorrow
it could be a diamond.
Last chance.
Pull off the mask shake hands.
Like partners.
You're good at what you do,
so I'll give you some advice.
Thieves shouldn't have partners.
Stay alone, you'll stay alive...
...because if you're alone there's
no chance of getting betrayed.
Not even by your own self.
She is sexy.
You are the man.
Sexy lady on the floor.
Keeps you coming back for more.
Slowly and slyly
you've stolen my heart.
You weave the magic of
your love around me.
I dream through the day,
think of you all the way.
Memories of you.
Thoughts of you make...
...my heart spin crazily.
You drive me crazy.
He knows it not.
I don't let it show.
I've fallen for him.
Just let him know.
He knows it not.
I don't let it show.
I've fallen for him.
Somebody please let him know.
This love, I slowly accede.
The waiting that must precede...
...in my love for you.
My heart spins crazily.
You drive me crazy.
'With the rhythm of
the night. Baby. Baby.'
'Moving out through
the night. Crazy. Crazy.'
'With the rhythm of
the night. Baby. Baby.'
'Moving out through
the night. Crazy. Crazy.'
I went from here.
All the way to there.
Can't get you out of my head.
Here, there and everywhere.
I went from here.
All the way to there.
Can't get you out of my head.
Here, there and everywhere.
Be it dusk or be it dawn.
Thoughts of you just turn me on.
Everything about you makes...
...my heart spin crazily.
You drive me crazy.
Sexy lady on the floor.
Keeps you coming back for more.
Slowly and slyly
you've stolen my heart.
You weave the magic of
your love around me.
I dream through the day,
think of you all the way.
Memories of you.
Thoughts of you make...
...my heart spin crazily.
You drive me crazy.
Hey! Are you like...
checking me out?
Same dialogue. Tendulkar, you?
From what I've heard, you leave
town after every robbery.
What made you stay back this time?
Wanted to find out
for myself whether...
...you imitate me in basketball too.
Less talk, more work.
Not bad... for a girl.
Oh no.
Sunehri was wrong about you...
...thought you were
not like other boys.
But... all boys are the same.
Funny guys.
Know a lot of boys?
Jealous?
Yes. I know that look.
You were going to say
something but you forgot.
It's not your fault. Sunehri has
that effect on people.
I think you're forgetting something.
What?
The game's not over!
- Had enough?
- No way!
Funny guy.
You're not a bad player
so I'll give you some advice.
Get yourself a partner
if you want to go a long way.
This is an international
game Sunehri.
You need to play it with
your head, not with the heart.
Continue like this,
you'll be right here forever.
Not Amsterdam. Not Australia...
...and definitely not America!
With a teacher like you,
Sunehri will learn everything.
Think again. You are not
just going to be my partner.
You'll have to be my shadow.
And you'll never be able to leave.
What happened?
Nothing to say?
Shadows don't speak.
They just follow. Silently.
Silent?
You?
This one I have got to see.
- Hey! What do I call you?
- Funny guy!
Jai you shouldn't have...
Surprise!
It's me Ali and flowers for you.
A fool is as different from
a flower as you are from Jai.
Let me tell you something, Sho.
Just forget about Jai.
Jai is in deep trouble and
whatever he said about...
...the thief was all wrong
but I had my doubts.
I always knew
they were two of them.
We had thieves like these
back home, Bheem and Nadeem.
One would steal from the back pocket
and the other from the front.
- What is the point?
- Point noted to be.
Now we have two thieves
so we need two honest officers.
Very honest.
You and me.
And what about Jai?
Jai's future is not looking
too good. You got injured.
The thief got away. What else?
Jai has to be suspended.
Where's Jai?
He's taken Sweetie
to the gynecologist.
She's going to have a baby.
Do you want to have a baby too?
Mummy! No! No baby!
You're always late!
Why are you... like always early?
I like to see things from the start,
whether it's a film or a robbery.
Any more information?
Why don't you ask him yourself?
He is coming here.
I am sure. If you speak to him
sweetly, he'll tell you everything.
6 months ago a girl was
about to get arrested...
...but she was spared
because she pleaded with...
...a kind police officer
for forgiveness.
'Sir please, I will do anything
to help the police...
...but I don't want to go to jail.
I am working on it. What else
do you want me to do?
And I am good.
He's taken me on as a partner.
Now you can arrest him.
For taking you on as a partner?
Don't try to use your intelligence.
You don't have much.
Now remember, we can
only arrest him when...
...he's committing the robbery.
Not before nor after.
And what if he finds out that
Sunehri is working for you?
The end. He'll kill you.
There is always that gap
between a thief and a cop...
...and you bridge that gap.
Right. That's where I'm stuck.
How's the film, Sehwag?
You've changed your
appearance again.
Sunehri can never recognize you.
I'm known for my work
and not for how I look.
And I am on a holiday,
so don't worry.
I know you.
Popcorn?
After the interval you'll
take a taxi to the airport.
There's a ticket and a passport
in your popcorn packet.
Passport?
I told you. It's an international game.
Create excitement.
Let it go. Let it go.
Create a storm.
Create a storm... Once again...
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to Rio.
Are you sure this is the place?
Are you very sure
that this is the place?
Ali, if you ask me the
same question ten times...
...the answer is not going to change.
Sho has given me the address,
Copacabana.
So, it must be this.
She's done really well.
What a place! Cocabanana.
Am I right?
Since the time she's come,
life has only gotten worse...
...and now we have to live
with her sister.
I mean, we'll stay with her
but where is she?
We are surrounded by hot chicks.
Cocabanana, here I come!
Yippee! Hello to Ali! Hello, item!
Sho had said ask anyone
around the place.
Everyone knows.
Everyone is fine.
But who do we ask?
Cocabanana.
Can you give me the ball, please?
Oh my God! Is that allowed?
Should I ask the one in yellow?
Her swim wear matches
the color of my bike.
I'll ask her. Hello! Hi!
I want to...
I want to shake it,
till you drop.
I want to...
I want to shake it,
till you drop.
Shonali's sister, Monali Bose.
You knew?
What?
That there is a twin sister?
I want to...
I want to shake it,
till you drop.
I want to...
I want to shake it,
till you drop.
Hello, mia kaza.
How are you my darling?
Did you miss me?
My sweetie pumpkin?
I say hello to my house.
Some people find it weird.
Hello. You can say hi to people
you live with...
...so why not houses?
And I mean I live in my house.
What do you think? Ko liya...
Hello house!
What's up, everything ok?
You know in India, I do the same
thing. I say hi to my bike...
...my toothbrush, my fridge,
I say hi to everything.
Oh my gosh! Really?
We are so similar!
But you didn't introduce me
to your house.
How will it recognize me?
Oh I'm so sorry.
Housie, housie, this is
Ali and this is Jai. Jai.
Jai, say hello.
Say, say hello, house!
You know guys? I love India
and Indians and you know what?
We all have to hangout together
because we are all Indians.
But there's one sad thing.
I know... you don't know
how to speak Hindi, right?
Gosh! How did you guess it?
Are you an astrologer or something?
Mechanic! He's a mechanic.
Have I been looking
for you or what?
I know I'm in demand.
Internationally...
Can you fix my hair dryer, please?
I can fix an airplane too...
...the one we came in had trouble.
I fixed it on the spot.
Manero!
Don't even think about it.
She doesn't know a word of Hindi...
...and God help your English!
It'll take you 20 years
just to get started.
So what if my English is poor?
I speak the language of love.
Ali, you have come here
as a cop not as a lover boy.
Where are the rooms?
Ali, get the luggage.
- Is he ok?
- He is a nut case.
You know, he doesn't seem right.
He is a nut case.
You know nut case?
- Crazy.
Ali, you know I am so glad
you guys are staying with me.
You know I haven't been
to India for so long...
...and with you guys around...
...I feel closer to home.
Thank you.
What an emotional girl!
Thank you mummy,
for sending Monali!
Her name too has Ali in it.
DINNER 8 PM.
Not bad!
Dinner?
The food is fantastic!
Like... it's really nice.
Don't force yourself.
You want something else?
Do you have some regular food?
It is very unhealthy.
Sure!
You don't look like a cook.
You too do not look like a thief.
And anyway,
this is not my real face.
Sunehri, can I ask you something?
In an unknown place...
...with an unknown guy,
aren't you scared?
Sunehri might not recognize you...
...but she definitely knows you.
You can change your face but
you cannot change yourself.
I'm a thief. I can change myself.
I'm a thief too.
The first time we met
I just saw your eyes.
Even now I still know them.
You might be a thief
but your eyes are honest.
- Really?
- I could be wrong.
There's something
about you that tells me...
...you'll never harm me.
Sunehri trusts you.
I trust you.
Now, can I ask you something?
Do you trust me?
Enough conversation for
one night. Time to sleep.
Training at 6 a.m. tomorrow.
Yes. 6 a.m. sharp!
Funny guy!
Hello, you guys haven't
even started?
Come on, hot leavened bread!
She looks totally Indian, man!
Mummy would have been
thrilled to have met you.
Really? I would love to meet her.
You know? I love Indian food!
Delicious!
This is cottage cheese-butter
goulash, that's butter chicken...
...and this is my favorite...
black lentil soup.
Mine too.
How about some poison?
Don't you have any poison?
Sorry I missed something.
You know, I keep forgetting
your name all the time.
Jai. He loves the food.
It's just that he's not used
to traveling around the world.
His stomach is upset.
Ok, you take one more.
If we have to eat
this food anymore...
...then I'm surely going to the hotel
and you'll go to the hospital.
Tell her this.
What did he say?
He's suffering.
I know. You know?
I understand everything you say...
...but him! I just don't get him.
Is that what's called a nut case?
You're too smart!
I'll get you two more
rolled breads. I'll be back.
What are you watching?
So you're in love?
No. That happened
in the morning itself.
Jai, I must confess.
This is my last case.
After this, I'm going to quit.
Monali will find it hard
to adjust in India.
We plan to have a small house here...
...and live happily ever after
with our kids...
Happy family, export family!
Have you given Monali
the good news?
No. Not now. Tomorrow.
My mummy always said
that one should...
...always declare one's love
in the morning. Fresh and early.
Most thieves work at night.
Like... bit different.
From today, nothing
will be hidden from you.
Neither my face, nor my name.
Aryan!
No one has seen
this face till date.
Neither have I ever
trusted anyone so much.
From now on, we live and die
for each other.
Sunehri you have to
not only be my shadow...
...but also my reflection.
From now on, everything you
see will be through my eyes.
I trust you.
Do you trust me?
Then jump!
Jump!
Funny guy!
Excuse me to please.
My name is Ali.
Please listen to me.
Don't steal my heart
and then walk away from me.
Excuse me to please.
I don't get sleep any more.
I fear I may not breathe no more.
In my heart you've created a furor.
Excuse me to please.
- A man.
- What?
- A simple man.
- Is it true?
I don't know, sweetheart,
what's happening to me.
Your magic does play its part.
It's driven me crazy from the start.
Burning flames of passion
in my heart.
Excuse me to please.
- You are...
- Yes.
- My ultimate desire.
- Cool.
I am so totally lost.
So lost in your love.
My heart skips a beat.
It cannot now retreat.
Surviving the night
in itself is a feat.
Excuse me to please.
My name is Ali.
Please listen to me.
Don't steal my heart and
then walk away from me.
Excuse me to please.
I don't get no sleep no more.
I fear I may not breathe no more.
In my heart you've created a furor.
Excuse me to please.
Excuse me. May I sit here?
Sorry if I disturbed you.
Indian.
You don't look it.
Vijay.
Amit.
My secret ingredient.
The difference between
regular coffee and perfect coffee.
You seem to be quite
a connoisseur of coffee.
Is that your work too?
Coins actually.
I collect coins.
Money. You're after money.
I guess you can say that!
Funny. I too was thinking
about a coin.
Reminded me of my grandfather.
He used to give me a coin
every Sunday and say, have a blast.
That coin is quite
similar to this dime.
Hmm... they don't make them anymore.
That's a rare coin!
That's a rare grandfather!
That's for you...
Thank you.
So... what's your obsession?
Stories. I'm a writer.
What kind of stories?
All kinds. At this moment,
we too are a story.
Two Indians, ten thousand miles
away from home.
Coffee and conversation.
I like it.
But don't you need a heroine
for a popular story?
There is one, but I don't know
where she is and what she's doing.
I have no idea.
- Excuse me.
- Yes.
I'm running late,
maybe a couple of hours.
Should I come straight to the villa?
Sure. I will see you there.
Alright!
Girls!
Why are stories incomplete
without women?
Life without women
is not a life at all.
Everyone needs someone.
Earlier I used to think differently,
but now, I agree with you.
Excuse me.
I've got two hours.
I can meet you now.
Superb! Same place! One hour!
Girls!
Thank you for the coin!
The next time we meet, we should
have something else to drink.
If we meet, definitely.
I hope so.
- Cheers!
- See you.
Dhoom.
I can now recognize him.
I have seen his real face.
Good.
It takes one thief to know another.
- Aryan is not just a thief.
- Aryan! Nice name.
And his sun sign?
Get this straight.
For me, Aryan's just a thief.
And you're going to help me
nab him, right?
Of course. Sunehri was just...
...and anyway, you're the one who
asked me to get to know him well.
Get to know him!
Not get a life with him.
Only you can tell me
what Aryan's up to.
He's going to strike very soon.
I can sense it.
So, after you've caught him,
I'll be free, right?
I'll think about that later.
Though he's a thief,
I can trust him.
But you? I don't think so.
You are a cheat.
You have to choose. A thief
you can trust or a cop you can't.
Now leave. And remember.
In this case, you are
Aryan's biggest weakness...
...and my biggest strength.
I am counting on you.
A friend betrayed me.
Love betrayed me.
Life, I don't trust you anymore.
Brother, you've found a girl
for yourself, so I am leaving.
If you drive so slowly,
I will miss my flight.
- Ali.
- Ali is dead.
A heart attack would
have been less painful.
Ali is a fool.
You were like my brother,
I'd do anything for you...
...sacrifice my life for you,
but you don't respect me.
If I didn't respect you,
then why would I get you here?
For fun, I'm a jester right?
You thought let's take Ali...
...he's good fun.
He'll make us laugh.
And that woman Sunehri,
she'll do all the work.
Just wait and watch
what she does to you.
Mr. Jai, just wait and watch,
she'll make a fool of you.
Ali, I think you look nice
with a cap. You chiraou!
Did you hear that?
She hardly knows me and...
...yet she cares for me
and you, look what you did.
- Ali, I was about to tell you.
- When? After arresting him?
Or after that girl gets the medal
for catching the thief?
- Ali...
- I not talk to you. Not talk I!
I had a dream too. That we'll
catch the thief together.
But unfortunately,
he saw your face.
And if headquarters got
to know this...
...they wouldn't have
allowed you to come here.
I had to involve Sunehri
and save our mission.
You will arrest the thief, you
will get the medal and promotion...
...you will get married,
you will have kids.
The whole world
will look up to you.
But I think my dreams
won't come true.
But dreams are just dreams.
And you are leaving...
Enough. These are the dreams
you had for me?
Yes. After all, you are the one
who's taught me to dream.
Jai brother...
Hello, guys somebody hug me too.
RETORNO COPACABANA.
Our friendship is forever.
We'll be friends till we die.
Dhoom.
Nice place! Cool.
But why are we here?
To rob.
To rob?
But here, what are we going
to rob here?
Isn't this guy too small to rob?
This?
Why?
The first chapter in the history
of money.
This is where it all began.
The very first coins made by man.
The first ever!
And they are priceless!
They don't cost much, I bet.
I could get you these coins
on the streets of Bombay itself.
We didn't have to come
all the way to Brazil...
150 crores!
The starting bid will be 150 crores!
You can very well imagine
where it'll end.
What have you decided?
When?
Tomorrow.
Dhoom.
That's quick!
He's super fast.
You should nab him soon.
You'll be with him
during the robbery.
Signal me as soon as he strikes.
How?
You just have to press this
and I will do the rest.
From today we'll be like this.
Hand in hand.
I trust you.
I trust.
What are you up to?
I was making coffee.
Coffee. Allow me.
What would you feel
if I were to die?
Sorry. Stupid question.
We all have to die some day.
But what if I die tomorrow?
Why do you say that?
You are the best!
But, Sunehri the truth is that...
...today for the first time
in my life...
What will happen tomorrow?
What do you think
will happen tomorrow?
Tomorrow?
Sunehri lives life one day at a time.
You know, that's
what I like about you.
Coffee?
Really.
You know I have learnt a lot
from you...
...and look at me.
I think too much and don't live
my life to the fullest.
Think... think... think...
and look at you.
That's the way to be!
What an attitude! Fantastic!
So, no more boring stuff,
this coffee, this cooking.
Health food, nothing safe.
Now, let's live life to the fullest!
So, what do you say?
Let's party!
Create a storm.
Dhoom.
Jai Dixit! ACP, Mumbai police.
Real name and real job.
Aryan, my true name.
My job, I'm sure you know.
Been chasing you for a long time.
You've really made me run.
If it's you chasing,
one has to run.
And then, I like being chased.
I was just wondering...
...what if you give up
the idea of robbing?
Bad idea! If all the thieves give up
robbing, what will cops do?
Everyone needs a job
to survive, right?
But what if the job kills you?
What's the use?
I mean, I will really feel bad
if I have to kill you.
True, I'll feel bad too
if you kill me.
But if I don't get killed...
...will I have to kill you?
I guess you have to do your job
and I have to do mine.
The funny thing is...
...a man's work becomes his destiny.
And your destiny's...
...not looking too good, my friend.
Don't be too sure of that.
I like your confidence.
I like you.
May the best man win!
And how are we going to decide that?
Oh simple.
We'll do what my dad always did...
Your coin, but the win will be mine.
Dhoom.
Love.
Burn your heart.
Don't ever fall in love,
It'll only give you a heartache.
Giving your heart to the heartbroken
will only lead to heartbreak.
Don't ever fall in love,
It'll only give you a heartache.
Giving your heart to the heartbroken
will only lead to heartbreak.
No one believes it,
no one knows it.
But I now know that.
Love takes your life away.
Dhoom, just take my life.
Dhoom, just break my heart.
Dhoom, just tear apart.
Dhoom, just take my life.
Dhoom, just break my heart.
Dhoom, just tear apart.
Come, take my life.
- Dhoom.
- Yes, Dhoom.
Love is a gift. A gift from above.
Each of us once has fallen in love.
Love's an obsession.
Love's an addiction.
Love is soothing. Love is joy.
A call from the heart.
You know this.
This love is forever.
I hope it never ends.
All my love is for you, sweetheart.
Believe me when I say this.
No one believes it.
No one knows it.
But I now know that
love takes your life away.
Dhoom, just take my life.
Dhoom, just break my heart.
Dhoom, just tear apart.
Come, take my life.
Who knows? This moment
may never come again.
Right here, right now.
May never come again.
This love takes you higher.
This love's a desire.
This love is a fire.
This love takes you far.
Love starts a fire,
then puts it out.
Love is loyalty, then it's a doubt.
Love is a sentence.
No one believes it.
No one knows it.
But I now know that
love takes your life away.
Dhoom, just take my life.
Dhoom, just break my heart.
Dhoom, just tear apart.
Come, take my life.
Love.
Burn your heart.
Don't ever fall in love.
It'll only give you a heartache.
Giving your heart to the heartbroken,
will only lead to heartbreak.
No one believes it.
No one knows it.
But I now know that
love takes your life away.
Dhoom, just take my life.
Dhoom, just break my heart.
Dhoom, just tear apart.
Dhoom, just take my life.
Dhoom, just break my heart.
Dhoom, just tear apart.
Come, take my life.
Dhoom.
What a beautiful day, Sunehri!
Beautiful!
It's a perfect day!
Perfect betrayal, perfect death!
Just perfect!
Why are you saying all this?
Sorry.
Do I have to take permission
to talk from Jai Dixit?
Try to understand...
...that's not what it is.
Trust me.
Okay.
So then, why don't
you explain it to me.
You were sent here by Jai.
You were planted!
Yes.
And with your help Jai
would get me, right?
If it were you in my place,
would you have trusted me?
No.
A bullet and a gun
are like partners...
...and the bullet never betrays
the gun.
And wherever it hits,
it takes away life.
I love that.
Only you have the right
to take my life Sunehri...
...not Jai.
So please...
...do the need full.
- I can't!
- You will have to.
In this game of trust and betrayal,
there are rules.
After every betrayal,
someone has to die.
Then why not Sunehri?
I'm the one who's betrayed you.
You are right.
Shoot!
Come on, Sunehri, pick up the gun.
Pick up the gun, Sunehri.
I said shoot, damn it!
Death too has betrayed me.
Why are you doing this?
Everything has an end to it.
This is the result...
...of what you have done.
Don't make me do this.
- You can't escape it.
- Please.
For the first time
I am not afraid of death.
Death is here, wearing your face...
...then Sunehri is ok, like forever.
The last bullet.
Finally, death is mine.
I'm a thief Sunehri.
I have changed my face many
a time to cheat this world.
But you changed my whole life.
It's only right if I die
in front of you.
Please, don't let me down
at this stage.
Sunehri would rather die...
...but won't betray you.
I love you.
You can't take your life...
...it belongs to me.
I hate you!
I know!
How far would you go with me?
I am your shadow...
...and shadows can only
follow silently.
Quiet and you?
This one I have got to see.
Hello everyone. Welcome to our
Children's Day Special.
All security arrangements
should be just like any other day.
No tourists to be stopped.
Nothing out of the ordinary.
Is that clear?
Clear. Clear. Yes Jai, everything's
clear. Just like mineral water!
C'mon, Sunehri...
bring him to meet me.
Yes Jai, everything's clear.
And no guns to be seen.
There are children here.
All weapons are concealed.
Don't run!
No movement. Hold!
- Ali, alarm.
- Yes. - I want everything cleared.
Hello. Hold.
Hold. Kids.
A!
Ali! Lock down the place!
And search everyone!
Ok, Jai!
Let the children go,
search all adults.
- Okay.
- Okay go, move!
Why is your phone off?
Everyone's been searched.
Nothing at all
How can that be?
Was everyone searched properly?
Yes, Jai. Except the children,
everyone's been searched.
Ali I told you to...
Wait a minute!
Didn't Snow White
have seven dwarfs?
I'll look there...
Brother, full house empty.
Looks like they're gone.
Hello.
'You had once asked me...
...to choose the cop or thief.'
'Sunehri has made up her mind.'
I'm coming for you.
Find yourself a place to hide...
...because once I'm done with you,
you all are done for!
Now, both have had it!
Dhoom, once again.
Dhoom.
Create a storm.
Dhoom, once again.
He's made me crazy.
Create a storm.
This is the end Aryan,
let's go now.
Have you ever loved someone deeply?
Put your hands up,
and start walking.
Can you love someone
enough to take their life?
I don't care, Aryan.
But if you love yourself,
then start walking.
Can you love someone
enough to take their life?
Why?
Because I loved him.
Get lost, Sunehri.
Your punishment is your life.
Alone, you'll never betray anyone.
Not even yourself.
6 MONTHS LATER. SOMEWHERE
IN THE FIJI ISLANDS.
Hey Nick, here's your coke
and burger with pickles.
Just the way you like it.
You are amazing, Sunehri.
Charles.
- Enjoy.
- Hey where's my order?
Chicken and vegetables coming up.
What the... funny guy!
Sorry ma'am, but the cook's on strike.
What?
My contract clearly states
that I get a kiss every half hour.
It's over an hour now.
And no kiss yet. I quit!
Really! I'm not that kind of girl.
Well, there's just one way
to find out.
And, how's that?
A little bit of this
and a little bit of that!
How about a beer?
Can you love someone
enough to take his life?
Don't think so.
Because the one who
loves doesn't take life...
...but sacrifices their life.
That day Sunehri gift wrapped
your life in that bullet.
Masterstroke!
I felt bad when you were
falling off that cliff...
...and I said to myself, what a guy!
What a great love story!
Then I thought, what crap!
This story can't end this way.
And that's why you set Sunehri free,
knowing that she'll lead you to me.
Masterstroke!
Well, thank you...
But now I'm really tired.
For 6 months I've waited in this town.
Waited for that next robbery.
I am tired of thinking...
...for the symbol of
'A' to re-appear.
So I thought I'd come over
personally...
...and ask you if you've
changed your signature.
I have changed myself.
- But I haven't.
- I know.
Knew you'd come in search of us...
someday.
All the information
about my robberies...
...the deposit boxes,
locker numbers...
...all the data is in this watch.
We won't be needing it now.
So, how are we going to the airport?
Or should we take our car?
Excuse me. Is this place open?
Of course!
This place is always open.
Let me tell you, that for the world,
Mr. A is dead.
And there's nothing...
...that great about putting dead
thieves in jail.
I'm going to let you guys go,
because it's a love story.
But remember, I'll be watching.
The lover will die
with great and pomp.
Dhoom.
For the beer.
So long.
May I have the beers, please?
Open the beers,
I am still on strike.
Funny guy!
- Hello.
- Curse me.
What?
It's been 6 months now,
that no one's cursed me.
Shut up Ali!
Please curse me in Hindi,
I'm missing home.
Pack your bags and get back
to India right now!
We've got our next case!
Dhoom again and run away with me...
...on a rollercoaster ride.
Dhoom again and see
your wildest dreams...
...slowly come alive.
Dhoom again we got
to break the rules...
...and party all the time.
Dhoom again we got
to steal the show...
...you know that isn't a crime.
So steal all that you can...
...the magic you began.
Let's shout, break out.
Come on once again, let's hear it.
Create a storm.
And when love comes your way...
...you'll know it's here to stay.
You'll steal the chance because
you're the thief of hearts, yes.
You'll win with just a glance.
Walk away with your romance.
There's no more.
There's no backing out now.
Dhoom again and make
the whole world crazy.
Set your spirit free.
Dhoom again and take
a break right now.
Come celebrate with me.
Dhoom again because all
I want to do...
...is steal the show somehow.
Dhoom again because
all I want to say...
...is hey the time is now.
Let nothing get you down.
Go out and paint the town.
Let's shout, break out.
Come on, once again let's hear it.
Create a storm.
Dhoom once again.